README.md, before:

# App 42

[![Lint](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Deploy](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/pages.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/pages.yml)

A multifunctional Telegram Mini App that extends the capabilities of Telegram. It helps you analyse your contacts, build message statistics, analyse your channel, clear your account of unnecessary stuff, etc.

📰 [Member of TON Accelerator](https://blog.ton.org/ton-accelerator-participants-announcement) (old name Kit 42)

### Open App 42 — [t.me/app42/app](https://t.me/app42/app)

## 👨🏻‍💻 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! To contribute, fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. I look forward to your innovative [ideas](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/pulls) and improvements.

Read the [contributing guidelines](DEVELOPMENT.md) to get started.

## 🧩 Packages
* [Telegram UI](https://github.com/Telegram-Mini-Apps/TelegramUI) — UI components library
* [Tabler icons](https://tabler-icons.io/) — free and open-source icons
* [GramJS](https://github.com/gram-js/gramjs) — Telegram client library

## 🌏 Translations
We use [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/app-42) as a translation platform.

![en](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=green&style=flat&query=%24.progress[?(@.data.languageId==%27en%27)].data.approvalProgress&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbadges.awesome-crowdin.com%2Fstats-16517975-702839-update.json&label=EN)
![ru](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=green&style=flat&query=%24.progress[?(@.data.languageId==%27ru%27)].data.approvalProgress&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbadges.awesome-crowdin.com%2Fstats-16517975-702839-update.json&label=RU)

Commit message:

Update banner with open source info

README.md, after:

# App 42

[![Lint](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Deploy](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/pages.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/actions/workflows/pages.yml)

A multifunctional Telegram Mini App that extends the capabilities of Telegram. It helps you analyse your contacts, build message statistics, analyse your channel, clear your account of unnecessary stuff, etc.

📰 [Member of TON Accelerator](https://blog.ton.org/ton-accelerator-participants-announcement) (old name Kit 42)

✉️ For any questions you can write me in Telegram — [@iamhro](https://t.me/iamhro)

### Open App 42 — [t.me/app42/app](https://t.me/app42/app)

## 👨🏻‍💻 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! To contribute, fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. I look forward to your innovative [ideas](https://github.com/hromadchuk/app42/pulls) and improvements.

Read the [contributing guidelines](DEVELOPMENT.md) to get started.

## 🧩 Packages
* [Telegram UI](https://github.com/Telegram-Mini-Apps/TelegramUI) — UI components library
* [Tabler icons](https://tabler-icons.io/) — free and open-source icons
* [GramJS](https://github.com/gram-js/gramjs) — Telegram client library
